fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/Features/StorageStuff.md

    Replace this with an explicit "`GrabReply`" async routine which'll
    do said kicking (including reading object data from disk where
    appropriate) and return the reply status + headers, and any data

>     that's available.
> -  That should mean we can get rid of the seen_offset stuff. That's

Reviewer: adding contractions
```suggestion
    that is available.
-  That should mean we can get rid of the seen_offset stuff. That is
```

    only ever used, as far as I can tell, when trying to parse the reply
    headers.

> -  Once that's happy (and its a significant amount of work\!), modify

Reviewer: adding contraction
```suggestion
-  Once that is happy (and its a significant amount of work\!), modify
```

    the storeClientCopy() API again take an offset and return a
    (mem_node + offset + size) which will supply the data required. The
    offset is required because the mem_node may contain data which has
    already be seen; the size is required because the mem_node may not
    yet be filled.

> -  Once -that's- happy (and that's another large chunk of work right

Reviewer: adding contractions
```suggestion
-  Once -that is- happy (and that is another large chunk of work right
```
